c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.exe.config
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.exe
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.pdb
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.g.resources
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.exe
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.pdb
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\style\Menu.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Fiche.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Fiche.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\AjouterAbsence.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\AjouterAbsence.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\ajouterElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\ajouterElement.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\editerElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\editerElement.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Conge_spec.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Conge_spec.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Archive.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Archive.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.exe.config
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.exe
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.pdb
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\AjouterAbsence.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Conge_spec.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\editerElement.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\ajouterElement.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Fiche.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Archive.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence_MarkupCompile.cache
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence_MarkupCompile.lref
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.exe
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.pdb
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\Google.Protobuf.dll
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.xml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\App.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\AjouterAbsence.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Conge_spec.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\editerElement.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\ajouterElement.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Fiche.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Archive.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\style\Menu.baml
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.g.resources
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\0VSProject\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.exe.config
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.exe
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\Absence.pdb
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.pdb
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\AjouterAbsence.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Conge_spec.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\editerElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\ajouterElement.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Fiche.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Archive.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\AjouterAbsence.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Conge_spec.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\editerElement.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\ajouterElement.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Fiche.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Archive.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\style\Menu.baml
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.g.resources
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.exe
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.pdb
C:\Users\Sidali\Desktop\Absence\obj\Debug\Absence.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
